docs: http -debug flag (#1960)
gravwell/wiki: ingesters/http.md

```{note}
The ingester cannot dynamically reload changes to `[global]` configuration block items like ingester connections, TLS configuration, bound ports, request limiting controls, or ingest cache controls.
```

## Troubleshooting

When first setting up the HTTP ingester you may find that requests are not being ingested as expected. The HTTP ingester provides a few tools to help identify the cause.

The [`Debug-Posts`](debug-posts) configuration option is a good first step getting you most of the relevant metadata as entries. However, if more info is needed we provide two command line flags to enable some additional output. 

> - `-v`: enables verbose output and will write out similar metadata to `Debug-Posts` for _all_ requests. Additionally, all headers and their values recieved will be written to stdout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-v`: enables verbose output and will write out similar metadata to `Debug-Posts` for _all_ requests. Additionally, all headers and their values received will be written to stdout.
```

> - `-debug=[listenername]`: enables the same verbose output as above for a single listener, and only for error response codes (status >= 400).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-debug=[listenername]`: enables the same verbose output as above for a single listener and only for error response codes (status >= 400).
```

Here is an example of using `-debug` with an example config:

```
[HEC-Compatible-Listener "hec"]
	TokenValue="token"
	Tag-Name=HECStuff
```

```
$ /opt/gravwell/bin/gravwell_http_ingester -debug=hec
<15>1 2026-07-07T10:44:16.156954-05:00 example.gravwell.io httpingester - HttpIngester/debug.go:97 [gw@1 code="401" bytes="0" method="POST" url="_services_collector_event" ip="::1"] http debug
<15>1 2026-07-07T10:44:16.157033-05:00 example.gravwell.io httpingester - HttpIngester/debug.go:99 - Content-Length: [16]
<15>1 2026-07-07T10:44:16.15704-05:00 example.gravwell.io httpingester - HttpIngester/debug.go:99 - Content-Type: [application/x-www-form-urlencoded]
<15>1 2026-07-07T10:44:16.157046-05:00 example.gravwell.io httpingester - HttpIngester/debug.go:99 - User-Agent: [curl/8.7.1]
<15>1 2026-07-07T10:44:16.15705-05:00 example.gravwell.io httpingester - HttpIngester/debug.go:99 - Accept: [*/*]
<15>1 2026-07-07T10:44:16.157054-05:00 example.gravwell.io httpingester - HttpIngester/debug.go:99 - Authorization: [Splunk badtoken]
```

```{warning}
Extreme care should be taken here as outputting the header values will likely leak authorization secrets. 

> Due to this none of the header data is ingested to your instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, none of the header data is ingested into your Gravwell instance. 
```

> These flags should only be used manually, and not as part of any automated deployment configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These flags should only be used manually and not as part of any automated deployment configuration. 
```
